[CTOR-1174]-Refresh hardware-servers-sun-sfxxk-pssh doc page (#3953)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-servers-sun-sfxxk-pssh.md

|:----------------|:-----------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------|
| Boards          | HW-Sun-Sfxxk-Boards-PSSH-custom          | Check Sun 'sfxxk' boards                |
| Environment     | HW-Sun-Sfxxk-Environment-PSSH-custom     | Check Sun 'sfxxk' environment           |
| Failover-Status | HW-Sun-Sfxxk-Failover-Status-PSSH-custom | Check system controller failover status |

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **HW-Server-Sun-Sfxxk-PSSH-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Collected metrics & status

Here is the list of services for this connector, detailing all metrics and statuses linked to each service.

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Boards" label="Boards">

| Name   | Unit  |
|:-------|:------|
| status | N/A   |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Environment" label="Environment">

| Name   | Unit  |
|:-------|:------|
| status | N/A   |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Failover-Status" label="Failover-Status">

| Name   | Unit  |
|:-------|:------|
| status | N/A   |

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

> To monitor a Sun SFxxK server, ensure that the System Controller (SC) is configured with SMS.

Reviewer: SMS?

> To monitor a Sun SFxxK server, ensure that the System Controller (SC) is configured with SMS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To monitor a Sun SFxxK server, ensure that the System Controller (SC) has permissions to execute following commands:
- showfailover
- showenvironment
- showboards
```
